Infrastructure: add auth2-proxy sidecar container to ray head pod to add login to ray dashboard (#189)
Qiskit-Extensions/quantum-serverless: infrastructure/helm/quantumserverless/README.md

```shell
helm dependency build
```
Update values.yaml file. Find and replace the following strings

- **CLIENTSECRET-CHANGEME**: string used as the secret for a OIDC protocol

> - **LOCAL-IP**: IP address that can be accessed from both outside of the cluter and inside of the cluster

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **LOCAL-IP**: IP address that can be accessed from both outside of the cluster and inside of the cluster
```

Author: Thanks!

> - **LOCAL-IP**: IP address that can be accessed from both outside of the cluster and inside of the cluster

Reviewer: I would add information about how to obtain it locally, because it's true that can a bit tricky.

```shell
helm dependency build
```
Update values.yaml file. Find and replace the following strings

- **CLIENTSECRET-CHANGEME**: string used as the secret for a OIDC protocol
- **HELM-RELEASE**: release name used in the helm install command
- **LOCAL-IP**: IP address that can be accessed from both outside of the cluster and inside of the cluster.  

> **LOCAL-IP Example**

Author: Yes, I agree.  I haven't worked in the environment yet.  I'll probably put them in https://github.com/Qiskit-Extensions/quantum-serverless/issues/129.

MacOS - ifconfig output (**192.168.4.23**)
```
en0: flags=8963<UP,BROADCAST,SMART,RUNNING,PROMISC,SIMPLEX,MULTICAST> mtu 1500
	options=6463<RXCSUM,TXCSUM,TSO4,TSO6,CHANNEL_IO,PARTIAL_CSUM,ZEROINVERT_CSUM>
	ether a4:83:e7:27:70:71
	inet6 fe80::8b4:58c9:11dd:e7e0%en0 prefixlen 64 secured scopeid 0x6
	inet 192.168.4.23 netmask 0xfffffc00 broadcast 192.168.7.255
	nd6 options=201<PERFORMNUD,DAD>
	media: autoselect
	status: active
```

> Ubuntu - ifconfig output (**169.62.189.94**)

Reviewer 2: fwiw, I am not able to find an IP address that works on Fedora using a kind cluster, so I'm getting these kinds of errors on the kuberay head pod:
```console
$ k logs -n ray quantum-serverless-kuberay-head-tswxj -c oauth-proxy
[2023/02/28 17:37:16] [provider.go:55] Performing OIDC Discovery...
[2023/02/28 17:37:16] [main.go:60] ERROR: Failed to initialise OAuth2 Proxy: error intiailising provider: could not
 create provider data: error building OIDC ProviderVerifier: could not get verifier builder: error while discovery 
OIDC configuration: failed to discover OIDC configuration: error performing request: Get 
"http://192.168.123.1:31059/realms/quantumserverless/.well-known/openid-configuration": dial tcp 
192.168.123.1:31059: connect: connection refused
```

- For Ray Cluster they provide you with a commented initial setup in their [values.yaml](https://github.com/ray-project/kuberay-helm/blob/main/helm-chart/ray-cluster/values.yaml).

- For Ray Api Server you can read their [values.yaml](https://github.com/ray-project/kuberay-helm/blob/main/helm-chart/kuberay-apiserver/values.yaml).

**Keycloak**

- Keycloak console can be accessed at http://LOCAL-IP:31059/.  Its initial user ID and password are "admin" and "passw0rd".

> - Ray dashboard can be accessed at http://localhost/.  Its initial user ID and password are "user" and "passw0rd".

Reviewer: I would add here a suggestion to change them before apply the helm.

Author: I add it.  thanks!

- For Ray Cluster they provide you with a commented initial setup in their [values.yaml](https://github.com/ray-project/kuberay-helm/blob/main/helm-chart/ray-cluster/values.yaml).

- For Ray Api Server you can read their [values.yaml](https://github.com/ray-project/kuberay-helm/blob/main/helm-chart/kuberay-apiserver/values.yaml).

**Keycloak**

> - The initial user ID and password for both keycload console and Ray dashboard can be changed in the values.yaml file.  It is good to change them before apply the heml.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The initial user ID and password for both keycloak console and Ray dashboard can be changed in the values.yaml file. It is good to change them before apply the helm.
```

- For Ray Cluster they provide you with a commented initial setup in their [values.yaml](https://github.com/ray-project/kuberay-helm/blob/main/helm-chart/ray-cluster/values.yaml).

- For Ray Api Server you can read their [values.yaml](https://github.com/ray-project/kuberay-helm/blob/main/helm-chart/kuberay-apiserver/values.yaml).

**Keycloak**

- The initial user ID and password for both keycload console(adminUser/adminPassword) and Ray dashboard(keycloakUserID/keycloakPassword) can be changed in the values.yaml file. It is good to change them before apply the helm.
- Keycloak console can be accessed at http://LOCAL-IP:31059/.  Its initial user ID and password are "admin" and "passw0rd".

> - Ray dashboard can be accessed at http://localhost/.  Its initial user ID and password are "user" and "passw0rd".

Reviewer 2: This one still doesn't work for me ...  `http://localhost/` gives me an `unable to connect` error
